Episode 1
Sir, we've reached the place we promised.
Is this the place called Kannonmai?
Yes, it is.
It's the place called Asaioka.
It looks like a beach.
Yes, it looks like a beach.
Sir, please take a look.
Yes, please wait a moment.
Here, use this.
Thank you.
Here you are.
Is this a fish?
Yes, sir.
I've decided to give you 600 mon.
I've put them in a bag.
Take them away.
I thought I'd get some money from the West.
But I'm not going to spend it on a game.
I'll give you the money you want.
How much do you want?
I won't tell you how much.
I have a lot of things.
Don't be so stingy.
I want to see you.
We're just a few.
Just a few?
You're a scoundrel!
What are you doing?
I'm going to kill you.
It's okay.
Thank you, sir.
They've said a lot of things.
Please forgive them.
And where are you going to bring them?
I'm going to the Edo-omote.
Is there still a long way to go?
It's a short way to the Edo-omote.
Please drink a little.
I'm going to smoke a cigarette.
What?
You're going to smoke a cigarette?
Please drink.
Don't bother me again.
I thought you wouldn't smoke.
I did.
Wait.
If you're going to die,
shouldn't you betill the end.
Stand back!
Get down.
Fewرا fart
Silence!
Thank you for watching!